lib: modem_key_mgmt: update modem_key_mgmt.c (#11457)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Modem libraries
---------------

> * Modem key Management library:
> 
>    * Updated :c:func:`modem_key_mgmt_cmp` function to return 1 if buffer length does not match the certificate length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme`:
  
  * Updated the :c:func:`modem_key_mgmt_cmp` function to return ``1`` if the buffer length does not match the certificate length.
```
